Legal Disclaimer
IMPORTANT LEGAL DISCLAIMER

RISKS OF PRODUCT USE

This website’s content is not a substitute for direct, personal, professional medical care and diagnosis. None of the meal plans or exercise programs should be performed or otherwise used without clearance from your physician or health care provider first. The information contained within is not intended to provide specific physical or mental health advice, or any other advice whatsoever, for any individual or company and should not be relied upon in that regard. I am not a medical professional and nothing on this website should be misconstrued to mean otherwise.

There may be risks associated with participating in activities mentioned on my site for people in poor health or with pre-existing physical or mental health conditions. Because these risks exist, you will not participate in any meal plans available from me if you are in poor health or have a pre-existing mental or physical condition. If you choose to participate in these risks, you do so of your own free will and accord, knowingly and voluntarily assuming all risks associated with such dietary activities. These risks may also exist for those who are currently in good health right now.

As with any exercise program you assume certain risks to your health and safety. Any form of exercise program can cause injuries, and my programs are no exception. It is possible that you may become injured doing the exercises in your program, especially if they are done with poor form. Although thorough instruction is included for each exercise.

Be aware that my programs (like any other exercise program) do involve a risk of injury. If you choose to participate in these risks, you do so of your own free will and accord, knowingly and voluntarily assuming all risks associated with such exercise activities. These risks may also exist for those who are currently in good health right now.

I am not a medical practitioner. My advice, whether it be on my website, in my meal plans, exercise programs or via email coaching, is not meant as a substitute for medical advice. You must consult your doctor before beginning ANY meal plan or exercise program, no exceptions. You are using my plans, program's, workouts and coaching at your own risk and I am not responsible for any injuries or health problems you may experience or even death as a result of using my programs.

It is to be made clear that I am not responsible for any injuries or health problems you may experience or even death as a result of using any of my products or services.

GENERALLY EXPECTED RESULTS

Although my products and services are intended to be fully implemented, sometimes they are not, which could result in a lack of progress/results for the user. If you implement the products and services from me correctly you should see amazing results, however it must be disclaimed that even when consumers implement any products or services in full from me it is still possible they will not get the results they may have expected and it is also possible they will not lose fat or gain muscle or achieve any positive results of any kind.

TESTIMONIAL DISCLAIMER

All the transformations and testimonials are real. However, it must be disclaimed that these testimonials are not claimed to represent typical results with my meal plans and workout programs. They are meant as a showcase of what the most motivated and dedicated people can achieve by following my personalized meal plans and workout programs. Your results may vary and you may not get the same results compared to someone else when using my services due to differences in your individual exercise history, genetics, and personal motivation/dedication. The end results you get will depend upon the individual and how much effort you put in.

IMPORTANT RECURRING SUBSCRIPTION BILLING INFORMATION

If you purchase my Program you will be automatically charged every period and you will continue to receive new updated meal plans and workout programs for the time that you choose to remain a client. In order to cancel your subscription simply send an email to support@vgalfit.com

With all my Online Services I have a 14 day 100% money-back guarantee — If within the first 14 days of your initial purchase you are not happy or satisfied with any of your purchases from me (subscription and non-subscription services) for whatever reason, simply just request a full refund by contacting the Customer Support team. You will be refunded and your subscription will be cancelled. However if you have purchased a program during a promotional period and have redeemed that promotion (e.g. supplements, clothing, headphones) you are not eligible for a refund. 

If you have any questions please send me an email. You can contact me at support@vgalfit.com and I will be more than happy to answer any of your questions.

