Privacy Policy
YOUR PRIVACY IS IMPORTANT

I am totally committed to protecting the privacy of my site visitors and customers, I fully appreciate and respect the importance of privacy on the Internet. In accordance with relevant data protection legislation, I will not disclose information about my customers to third parties except where it is part of providing a service to you - e.g. arranging for a product to be sent to you, carrying out credit and other security checks and for the purposes of customer research and profiling or where we have your express permission to do so.


YOUR CONSENT

I will not sell your name, address, e-mail address, credit card information or personal information to any third party (excluding partners from whom you may have linked to my site) without your permission.


COMMUNICATION & MARKETING

If you have made a purchase from my store I may, with your permission, occasionally update you on our latest products, news and special offers via email. All of my customers have the option to opt-out of receiving marketing communications from me and/or selected third parties. If you do not wish to continue to receive marketing from me and/or selected third parties on checkout.


COOKIES

A cookie is a small information file that is sent to your computer and is stored on your hard drive. If you have registered with me then your computer will store an identifying cookie which will save you time each time you re-visit our site, by remembering your email address for you. I use a combination of cookies that support the functionality of my site to enhance your experience and cookies from third parties that are used for marketing purposes. You can change the settings on your browser to prevent cookies being stored on your computer without your explicit consent.


GOOGLE REMARKETING

This website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to my site. It could mean that I advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on my site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to my site. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with my own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.

You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.


THIRD PARTY SITES

My site may contain links to and from the websites of my partner networks, advertisers and other third parties. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that they have their own privacy policies and that I do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.


CHECKING YOUR DATA

If you wish to verify the details and personal data you have submitted to me you may do so by contacting me via the e-mail address given below. My security procedures mean that I may request proof of identity before I reveal information. This proof of identity will take the form of your e-mail address and password submitted upon registration. You must therefore keep this information safe as you will be responsible for any action which I take in response to a request from someone using your e-mail and password. I would strongly recommend that you do not use the browser's password memory function as that would permit other people using your terminal to access your personal information.


CORRECTING YOUR DATA

If the personal data you have submitted is incorrect or incomplete, you have a right to request rectification of your data. You can do so by contacting me via the e-mail address given below. 


ERASING YOUR DATA

You have the right to ask me to delete the personal information I have from you and/or stop any type of communication with me. If you wish to make an erasure request, you may do so by contacting me via the e-mail address given below. 


CONTACTING ME

I am always pleased to hear from my customers (even if it is a complaint!). I am always grateful for any time you spend providing me with the knowledge I need to ensure my customers are completely satisfied. I want you to return to the site and to recommend me to your friends and family. If you have any questions or feedback about this statement, or if you would like me to stop processing your information, please do not hesitate to contact me at support@vgalfit.com

